Ogs documentation (#156)
jbathmann/pyMANGA: web/content/en/docs/Example_OGS_BETTINA/MANGA_Project.md

---
title: "The pyMANGA project"
linkTitle: "The pyMANGA project"
weight: 4
description:
---

pyMANGA is controlled via an xml file (see also <a href="/de/docs/steuerFILE/">this section</a>).

> The content of the XML file is presented here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of the XML file to run this example is presented here.
```

OGS specific adjustments and parameters are explained.
A description of all other configurations can be found in the <a href="https://jbathmann.github.io/pyMANGA/project_dox__MangaProject__MangaProject.html" target="_blank">general documentation</a>.

    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1"?>
        <MangaProject>
            <random_seed>1</random_seed>
            <tree_dynamics>
            <aboveground_competition>
                <type>SimpleTest</type>
            </aboveground_competition>

For simulations with the underground concept OGSLargeScale3D, the following concept-specific tags must be defined:

-           the absolute path to the folder with all relevant OGS files (*ogs_project_folder*)
-           the OGS project file (*ogs_project_file*)
-           the source mesh (*source_mesh*)
-           the bulk mesh (*bulk_mesh*)
-           the time step length, which indicates how long the groundwater flow model calculates before the rest of the BETTINA time step is extrapolated(*delta_t_ogs*)
-           Script with Python boundary conditions (*python_script*)

> The ogs project described in <a href="/en/docs/example_model_ogs_bettina/ogs_project/">The OGS project</a> must be specified as *ogs_project_file*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OGS project described in <a href="/en/docs/example_model_ogs_bettina/ogs_project/">The OGS project</a> must be specified as *ogs_project_file*.
```

The previously defined python constraint is inserted under the name *python_script*.
*delta_t_ogs* defines for how long the groundwater flow model calculates before extrapolating the rest of the BETTINA time step.

        <belowground_competition>
            <type>OGSLargeScale3D</type>
            <ogs_project_folder>/ABSOLUTE/PATH/TO/pyMANGA/test/website_test/</ogs_project_folder>
            <ogs_project_file>ogs_projectfile.prj</ogs_project_file>
            <source_mesh>my_first_source.vtu</source_mesh>
            <bulk_mesh>my_first_model.vtu</bulk_mesh>
            <delta_t_ogs>500000</delta_t_ogs>
            <abiotic_drivers>
                <seaward_salinity>0.035</seaward_salinity>
            </abiotic_drivers>
            <python_script>python_script.py</python_script>
        </belowground_competition>
        <tree_growth_and_death>
            <type>SimpleBettina</type>
        </tree_growth_and_death>
        </tree_dynamics>
	   

> For this example we use a previously saved initial tree distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, we use an initial tree distribution.
```

        <initial_population>
            <group>
                <name>Initial</name>
                <species>Avicennia</species>
                <distribution>
                    <type>GroupFromFile</type>
                    <filename>/ABSOLUTE/PATH/TO/pyMANGA/test/website_test/initial_trees.csv</filename>
                </distribution>
            </group>
        </initial_population>
            <tree_time_loop>
            <type>Simple</type>
            <t_start>0</t_start>
            <t_end> 3e9 </t_end>
            <delta_t> 3e6</delta_t>
        </tree_time_loop>
        <visualization>
           <type>NONE</type>
        </visualization>
        <tree_output>
            <type>NONE</type>
        </tree_output>
    </MangaProject>

> In this example, an initial tree distribution is loaded into the program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This should be in an external file with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inital tree distribution is stored in a csv file and has the following content:
```
